README.md, before:

## Crypto web app Intro 
- Have indepth data about all crypto currency, crypto markets, and exchanges.
- Popular crypto currency news.
- Learn React best practices.
- Learn Redux using redux tool kit
- Learn to create user interface and using ant design.
- Learn to create charts using Chart.js
- Learn to fetch more data from 2 different sources using rapidapi
## Rapid Api link
- [https://rapidapi.com/Coinranking/api/coinranking1/] API for real-time crypto prices, exchanges and markets.
    - click blue subscribe button in order to test.
- [https://rapidapi.com/microsoft-azure-org-microsoft-cognitive-services/api/bing-news-search1/] An AI service from Microsoft Azure that turns any app into a news search resource.Fetch crypto currency related news.
    - click blue subscribe button in order to test.
# Install dependancies
- npm install antd 
    - antd is ant design and is for styling
- npm install @ant-design/icons 
    - for icons
- npm install react-redux @reduxjs/toolkit 
- npm install axios 
    - to fetch api data
- npm install chart.js 
    - to create charts
- npm install react-chartjs-2
    - to render charts from chartjs
- npm install html-react-parser
    - to parse html data
- npm install millify 
    - to transform large numbers to readable string
- npm install moment
    - parse times and dates
- npm install react-router-dom
## Errors 1-22-2022
1. could not see Navbar component when imported. Then realize had to import BrowserRoutter as Router from react-router-dom and wrap App component with Router.

Commit message:

Add services folder with cryptoApi.js file to try and use redux to make a get request. Add folder app and file store.js inside src folder to use redux application as one central state of truth. Add import configureStore from @reduxjs/toolkit and export configureStor with its first paramter as an object reducer equal to an empty object. Add use of store in the src/index.js. Import store from app/store and Provider from react-redux. Wrapped App component with Provider and store inside Provider, so APp can have access to store variable. Add .env file to store rapid crypto api key. Used in cryptoApi.js as part of the cryptoApiHeaders.

README.md, after:

## Crypto web app Intro 
- Have indepth data about all crypto currency, crypto markets, and exchanges.
- Popular crypto currency news.
- Learn React best practices.
- Learn Redux using redux tool kit
- Learn to create user interface and using ant design.
- Learn to create charts using Chart.js
- Learn to fetch more data from 2 different sources using rapidapi
## Rapid Api link
- [https://rapidapi.com/Coinranking/api/coinranking1/] API for real-time crypto prices, exchanges and markets.
    - click blue subscribe button in order to test.
- [https://rapidapi.com/microsoft-azure-org-microsoft-cognitive-services/api/bing-news-search1/] An AI service from Microsoft Azure that turns any app into a news search resource.Fetch crypto currency related news.
    - click blue subscribe button in order to test.
# Install dependancies
- npm install antd 
    - antd is ant design and is for styling
- npm install @ant-design/icons 
    - for icons
- npm install react-redux @reduxjs/toolkit 
    - Taken from Redux site [reduxjs.org]. A predictable State Container for JS Apps. 
    - Predictable: Redux helps you write applications that behave consistently, run in different environments (client, server, and native), and are easy to test.
    - Centralized: your application state and logic enables powerful capabilities like undo/redio state peristence and much more.
    - Debuggable: The Redux Devtools make it easy to trace when , where, why and how your application's stte changed. Redux's architecture lets you log changes, use"time-travel debugging", and even send complete error reports to a server. 
    - Flexible: Redux works with any UI layer, and has a large ecosystem of addons to fit your needs. 
- npm install axios 
    - to fetch api data
- npm install chart.js 
    - to create charts
- npm install react-chartjs-2
    - to render charts from chartjs
- npm install html-react-parser
    - to parse html data
- npm install millify 
    - to transform large numbers to readable string
- npm install moment
    - parse times and dates
- npm install react-router-dom
## Errors 1-22-2022
1. could not see Navbar component when imported. Then realize had to import BrowserRoutter as Router from react-router-dom and wrap App component with Router.
